README.md, before:

# OpenDXL Web API

The OpenDXL Web API was designed to allow the building of a scalable web tier.  The Web API can easily allow a single host to run the API or clusters in a cloud environment such as AWS, Google, or Apache Mesos.  

![Web API](./documentation/images/webapi.jpg)

## TAXONOMY Of API

Taxonomy of the API is documented in the taxonomy documentaiton.  This highlights how the web api paths are structured and how it should be going forward.

[Taxonomy Documentation](./documentation/taxonomy.md)


## LICENSE
Copyright 2017 McAfee, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added to Challenges to be solved

README.md, after:

# OpenDXL Web API

The OpenDXL Web API was designed to allow the building of a scalable web tier.  The Web API can easily allow a single host to run the API or clusters in a cloud environment such as AWS, Google, or Apache Mesos.  

## Challenges To Solve
* **Lack of Python in Vendor products:**

     Many vendors allow automation from their equipment, but this support is often limited to technologies such as syslog, snmp, or URL POST/GET.
*  **Certificate Spread:**

     Certificate based authentication management and security can be a challenge as certficates become spread across and enterprise with each new deployment.  A couple of the problems this often causes in operations are:
            
    1. **Certificate Mismatch**
    
        Certificates are deployed with a fire and forget mindset.  The trouble occurs when certificates are reissued.  Typically there is no way to track clients that are using the original certificate.   
    2. **Outdated Certificates**
    
        Clients using certificates are a challenge for operations to track therefore they will use the original certificate and never reissue certificates.
* 

![Web API](./documentation/images/webapi.jpg)

## TAXONOMY Of API

Taxonomy of the API is documented in the taxonomy documentaiton.  This highlights how the web api paths are structured and how it should be going forward.

[Taxonomy Documentation](./documentation/taxonomy.md)


## LICENSE
Copyright 2017 McAfee, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
